Add `Meta` to `ServiceConfigResponse` (#12529)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/12529.txt

```release-note:feature

> server: Ensure that service-defaults `Meta` to is included in `ServiceConfigResponse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server: Ensure that service-defaults `Meta` is included in `ServiceConfigResponse`.
```

> server: Ensure that service-defaults `Meta` to is included in `ServiceConfigResponse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server: Ensure that service-defaults `Meta` is returned with the response to the `ConfigEntry.ResolveServiceConfig` RPC.
```
